Starts 3x3, every 3 levels move up 1x1 up to 7x7
15 levels total, need at least 15 enemies


1. Random enemy on first level - Goblin
2. enemy with walls
3. enemy/enemies with full board conveyer belts
4. enemy with revolving doors (rotation)
5. enemy who alternates border and diagonal moves of 3
6. enemy who plays 1 extra move per bomb you use
7. enemy/enemies with mines
  8. circle of mines on 5x5 stage
9 - ?. Conveyer belt, mine, and wall combos


possible final bosses:
1. Enemy where you fight on 2 separate boards, flips
every round (might be too ambitious, another possible
final boss)

2. Enemy who wipes board every 3 rounds, followed by filling
a space in 1x1, 3x3, 5x5, 7x7 (possible final boss) - Dragon 
Attacks:
-column hitting breath attack
-swipe to hit a row
-small flame breath attack that hits random tiles
-Board wiping breath attack (Russia)
Art for the attacks:
Dragon opens mouth
Dragon swipes with hand
Dragon looks around (idle sequence)

3. Enemy who must be beaten 3 times, moves twice;
thrice; and four times each depending on lives left

11 unique ideas, at least 20 enemies here based on combos




POSSIBLE STORY AND ENEMY THEMES
---
*The world of Tic Tac Boom is split into 2 opposing factions: The Exiled (X), and The Pure (O)
*The plot of Tic Tac Boom is an invasion of the enemy faction by the Exiled
*The player initially plays from the standpoint of the Exiled's leader
*The Exiled strike first (they go first), as they go through 15 stages, overtaking the land of The Pure
(When a player lands Tic Tac Toe in a valid direction, there will be an animation where the board is
wiped and replaced with all of that type of piece)
*Upon completing the game as The Exiled, they will have access to The Pure, an alternate story mode
where the player moves second with different enemy types
*Upon completing the game as both the Pure and the Exiled, the player will have access to a randomized
game mode where they face off of against The Forgotten, who have the enemy pool of both the Exiled
and the Pure
*Lorewise, the Forgotten are the memory fragments of the enemies you won against in previous runs

Enemy Concepts:

The Pure Enemy Pool:
The Common (First Enemy, Normal Tic Tac Toe AI [Possibly gains +1 movement after x turns???])
The Mob (Many Moves per Turn)
The Wizard (Introduces the Fire and Ice Mechanics)
The Knight (Introduces the Shield/Wall Mechanic)
The Nimble (Introduces conveyer belt mechanic)

The Pure's Final Bosses:
The King
The Dragon (Uses Fire mechanic, with a scaling board wipe over the course of 12 turns, eventually
results in automatic victory)

The Exiled Enemy Pool:
The Common (First Enemy, Normal Tic Tac Toe AI)
The Thief (Acts Unpredictably [next move can't be read])
The Vagabond (Random AI with many moves, targets your pieces with small bombs)
The Wraith (Introduces Incorporeality Mechanic. These pieces can be replaced for one round,
otherwise they become active again)
The Fragmented (Introduces portal/teleport mechanic)


The Exiled Final Bosses:
The Rebel (Many moves, with different move combinations)
The Basilisk (Uses petrification mechanic, petrified pieces do not count for victory and must be
destroyed with a bomb)

The Forgotten is a combination of all of these
